fix: removed step 28 and fixed issue #44836 (#44856)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/step-033.md

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad6998b
title: Step 33
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-33
---

# --description--

It's helpful to have your margins push in one direction.

In this case, the bottom margin of the `.one` element pushes `.two` down 20 pixels.

> In `.two`, add `margin: 0 auto 20px;` to set its top margin to 0, center it horizontally, and set its bottom margin to 20 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `.two` selector, use `margin` shorthand property to set top margin to `0`, horizontal margin to `auto`, and bottom margin to `20px`. This will remove its top margin, horizontally center it, and set its bottom margin to 20 pixels.
```
